[v18.2.x] v18.2.1 backports, release notes (#5156)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes.md

Dash Core version v18.2.1
=========================

Release is now available from:

  <https://www.dash.org/downloads/#wallets>

This is a new hotfix version release, bringing various bugfixes.

> Please note that v18.2.0 was revoked due to a bug, this version fixes that bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that v18.2.0 was revoked due to a bug; this version fixes that bug.
```

> This release is optional for all nodes. However, v18.2.1 is required to be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release is optional for all nodes; however, v18.2.1 is required to be 
```

> able to use both mainnet or testnet. Currently, v18.2.0 is not working on mainnet,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
able to use both mainnet and testnet. Currently, v18.2.0 is not working on mainnet,
```

and v18.1.1 is not working on testnet; v18.2.1 will work on both networks.

> Please report bugs using the issue tracker at github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please report bugs using the issue tracker at GitHub:
```

Downgrade warning
-----------------

### Downgrade to a version < v18.2.1

Downgrading to a version older than v18.2.1 is supported.

### Downgrade to a version < v18.0.1

Downgrading to a version older than v18.0.1 is not supported due to changes in
the indexes database folder. If you need to use an older version, you must
either reindex or re-sync the whole chain.

### Downgrade of masternodes to < 18.2.1

> It is highly recommended to not downgrade masternodes below 18.2.1, as 18.2.1 (and 18.1.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended not to downgrade masternodes below 18.2.1, as 18.2.1 (and 18.1.1)
```

Bitcoin backports often introduce breaking changes, and are a likely source of
breaking changes in minor releases. Patch releases should never contain breaking changes.

Notable changes
===============

> See #5145 and #5142, these 2 PR fix important bugs in previous versions. Specifically,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See #5145 and #5142; these 2 PR fix important bugs in previous versions. Specifically,
```

#5145 fixes an issue where qfcommit messages can be replayed from the past, then are

> validated and propagated to other nodes. This patch changes it so that old qfcommits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
validated and propagated to other nodes. This patch prevents old qfcommits
```

> are not relayed. #5142 is a fix which enables this version to function both on testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from being relayed. #5142 is a fix which enables this version to function both on testnet
```
